let's see so that you stop
asking, I'm going to clarify it here, I'm not going to
lie anymore or hide anything from you
And so that you have it clear, I'm
going to tell you a few things, okay
We are not in Squid Games Okay and we are
going to be there I say this because even though it hasn't been
announced yet, we are not going to
be there, we are not going to be in
Squid Games, it's not because of the three of us. Let's see, I'm going to
make it clear, I'm going to clarify it but it's not
because of the three people who
organize it and the three YouTubers who
organize it but because you already know that it is a
rival and that rival has to approve the
participants. No, then
Twitch, for whatever reason, says that my
account is not in good condition, neither my
account nor other people's. I don't
really know what I can tell you or what I can't
because I really haven't
asked either. Hey, but I can tell you, I
can. I don't know, the truth is, I'm
saying it because I am my community. I
imagine that you can say this part
so that you don't get your
hopes up and so that you are clear about it,
okay  I personally have my account
in perfect condition, I don't have any bans,
the only ban I had was precisely
for playing the other
squid games that after 3 or 4 days they
gave me back my account Sorry it was
our mistake you hadn't done anything wrong
and they gave me back the account and I have the account
in perfect condition, I don't have
any bans or anything okay And I
really don't have any problems okay
personally if you want to ask
my opinion well my opinion is that
really and this is going to be the last time
that I show up for anything events and
series of these people from the
big groups because I really believe that for
several reasons okay first of all I
think we have to assume that the type
of content that we deal in is going to
be trampled on and ignored and they are going to trip it up we are
always going to start
to assume that what we do is gossip we are not
going to be in this type of things
let's start to assume it Because also it's
not that because I already know that the
imprisoned channels and the gossips are not going to be
happy about This is going to say no no but they
are not the channels of  gossip is you
Javi Because no one can see you no
gossip channel is going to be in
Squid Games I say this so that
others also assume it they stopped having
the balls to delete videos when they ask to
delete these videos even if you are the
most lukewarm gossip channel in the world you are not going to be there
either apparently they have the
wrong account and they can't be there either I'm not
going to say the name because I can't say
But honestly no
gossip channel is going to be in the game I think that
last year there were a couple of them not the
ones that deal with this type of
controversy and so on and this year not
only are the two or
three that were there last year going to be there
but there are also more channels that have
submitted the form and they are not going to
enter because no because you have decided that it is
not worth it I am going to give you my most
sincere opinion but from here I want to make it very
clear that of course it is not against
any of the three people of the
three colleagues who organize the
events because precisely the three of them
especially auronplay you already know that whenever they have
had the power to help me or
something that they  I have asked for it and he gives it to me. I
mean, auronplay I can't have any
complaints about it with him, nor that he
ignores me or that he treats me badly, nothing could be
further from the truth because despite
being the person he is, he has given three
interviews in his life, one has been a real
jerk, another to Ebay and another to me.
It seems that it hasn't been his fault, okay,
so this is what Twitch puts in the money Luis,
the one who decides and you say that I don't have the account in good conditions, that's it, I tried to ask around. Hey, this can be solved. Hey, what's wrong with my account and nobody answers me or is going to answer me. We have to assume the gossip right now here in Spain or in Spanish-speaking countries, it
is content that bothers. Why is it
bothersome? Well, it is content that bothers
because, for example, if chocas goes and
does a live stream insulting his parents
for half an hour, there will be
gossip channels that echo
that and give chocas a bad image,
therefore, to Twitch, if chocas does a
live stream saying that he has a friend who
does a great job because he
dedicates himself or has fun  taking
drunk girls if we echo it doesn't
matter let's be honest okay
squid games I was the first one who
started the power to show that people
of gossip or at least I am capable
of dragging people and succeeding with
other content the squid games
last year I had more
viewers than most of the
participants even that YouTube and
streamer is much bigger than me we
had six seven thousand
viewers on Twitch that is [ __ ]
crazy okay suddenly on the third
day going well a panning without
any explanation he locks me in the
Twitch account in the middle of the game to
take it by ass four days later when
the squid game ends sorry it
was our fault he gives me back the account I'm
going to London I buy a
cucumber team so that ruler GTA with the Mods I
advance the new equipment and all the
new Setup before the move two thousand
viewers live at 4 in the
afternoon a story a job
really behind London what I live what there
was was a job moving because there are
a series of people who are dedicated
to trying to boycott me any  I work
whatever I do at work
because I bother them no or because they don't
want me to prosper who knows in case
one day I have an opinion about something they don't like I
give you some news that they don't like and it
seems that there were people who had more of a
relationship with some members of the
administration of that server than the
contacts that I could have whatever
no whatever They threw me to
hell my job to hell whatever I had
prepared to hell
respect for my audience I mean we're
talking about squid games ban without
explanation your Twitter account to
hell for four days then
we ask you Sorry it was our mistake
but you left
Squid Games London Hey [ __ ] off
because you're a gossip channel because
there's a youtuber who doesn't consent to
playing on the same server no longer
crossing paths with you but playing on
the same server when you at night you
can make a video that you'll tell me
you make a video to see if there's an
ally and I have to cover some
news that comes out then I'll have to
make a video but oh well [ __ ] off the
respect for the work of
others and out of it, not to mention the
Esla scam or anything, then something
inside me for months now, even
though I even arranged the
nose job so that he wouldn't step on it because I
really liked this series a lot,
really this series Yes, it was very
funny and it was very cool, the whole
thing is not going to make me very sad not to be there
but I really think that in view of this, what
we are going to do is assume that
things about events and series, everything that
are events, series, gossip channels
right now, it's not that I find it very
funny, but anyway, I'm going to fight for what
is my content and for the validity of the
gossip sector and I repeat,
neither me nor any of the gossip in them has
the cell phone because the cell phone is Greg's, he
has it bought so that he goes and they are not
going to give him the award, they were going to give it yesterday
to Romero, just okay, informative, it's
Lan 20 23, it's Gerardo,
look what they've done with Uncle Sur,
how they ignored him, how they trolled him,
all the votes  that Uncle South is
not going to be there either, look at you Uncle South,
I don't know how he doesn't love himself a little bit,
not only after what happened now with the
squid game, which is not going back,
but he loves himself a little bit with what they
did to him, the London game, we are not going to
be right now, gossip content is going to
be gossip content, it seems that it is
worse than having conversations with
minors because then I see
youtubers in the series that have
leaked conversations with minors that
have come out that sell some articles
as original and they are from aliexpress,
passing it off as false that they have had
problems for driving as one should not In
small towns where one should not drive
like that, anyway, apparently the bad thing is not
the serious things, even some things
that may be on the edge of the law,
apparently what is wrong, apparently what is
cancelable is that you have a channel
where
these types of content are covered and are given coverage. Okay, then
look, sincerely, I am not going to stop
making the content that I do. On the one
hand, I have a great time here with
the two communities that I have because I have
two communities, the Lordship and  the
kids and I honestly think I live
very comfortably I can afford to lead a
very peaceful life I insist Eh This is
not against the three organizers of the
event who have never behaved badly
with me and in particular Auron has always
behaved very well with me but from
here I have to be honest with my
community if there is an occasion when they
invite me to something and I'm excited or I really
like whatever it is I see that it pays off I'm
going to leave I'm not going to say never I'm not
going to tell you never I will not drink this water
because I can eat my
words in a year in two in
three okay But honestly
up to here my temperature to
participate in things I'm not going to stop
making the type of content that I make is
the type of content that I want to make it is
the type of content with which my two
communities entertain do not ask me
about anyone in particular because I am not going to
talk about things that do not belong to me or that they
cannot say the only thing I am going to
say is that there will not be there will not
be controversial channels There I am
speaking for myself Okay then let's
assume it now and honestly we will not
present ourselves to  nothing from events to anything whatever
we have our
community two communities in fact and
sincerely on a personal level eh And without
being arrogant or a clown or anything like that I live
very comfortably for me
things are going very well I live very peacefully Let's
see I'm not a millionaire like maybe
others if they invite you to something you will participate It
depends on what it is, the people
and if it suits me well Of course I
am telling you that I will never
say this guy I will not drink but Hey you don't
know when you might be interested in something to
introduce myself I'm not going to introduce myself to
anything else and nothing like that Why Because I think that I think that if I
love myself a little I
don't need to go through the ordeal of being
kicked out of somewhere or being
told no personally personally
it seems that the need or It seems that I have to
sincerely I live
super well I really say it I mean I have
a lot of support in the live shows
a lot of viewers a lot of
members a lot of visits I mean I
really don't need to be ignored in
that way and to be
told no Or to be fired that they lack
the work no longer  not only me but
my audience and they kick me out like what happened in
London I think we don't need it
personally if you want my opinion Look
my opinion is very simple my opinion is
that my opinion is the hypocrisy of
life and my opinion is that it is very strong
that then in these series the rewin everything
not that then you find people who have
done completely disgusting things
that you tell me that in a series of
these role-playing if you put the Demented or you
put me I don't know who you put me I don't know
how much it turns out that the bad one is the one who
makes gossip man my personal opinion
apart from the fact that it is a tremendous hypocrisy
because I consider that within the series
and within all the awards and within
all the nominations And all the
events there are people who should be removed
from social life directly Okay and
take away the internet directly apart
from that hypocrisy Well look life
moves by money and by number I mean
if you earn 70,000 euros a month on
that platform the platform doesn't
care if you take people from the chat
expose them and  you insult him I mean if you
insult if you are earning 60 or
70,000 euros a month there is no ban that is
worth it if you are earning 70 or 70,000
euros to the platform per month there is no
ban and bad condition that is worth it You can
[ __ ] in the worlds of any
spectator you can put their photo from their
social networks even if it is anonymous and
you [ __ ] on their [ __ ] mother and their
father anyway I am going to tell you if I
can give you a thousand examples and it would be to
personify each example and such okay It does
not matter look when
things are worse for you moderately humble okay
like normal ordinary people with
humble jobs This has happened to me I have
experienced it in my own flesh okay you go to the
bank and you ask and they ask to split a
payment of 1200 euros and they make your life
impossible they even ask you for a
blood test to give you 1200 euros Okay when
things are a little better for you you
don't even have to make an appointment at the bank
with the director you directly and it does not
even happen  over the counter or anything, we're at the
director's door, they raise their
hand, you understand, and it can be even rude to her,
that from time to time even Oh,
calm down, I'll fix it for you, it's happened to me
many times, even with
health insurance, with health insurance,
health insurance, there are times when something hasn't wanted to
happen to me, like, but since you're not going to
happen to me, then I'm paying for this,
you know, and the health insurance, having to
pay something, my money because I didn't pay it, to
tell me two days later, forgive us, forgive us, we
've
realized the client that you are, We'll pass it on to you,
that and tomorrow and the day after and we'll
pay you what's overdue, life is like that, and
someday in the United States we're already
advanced, but here in Spain in the
Spanish-speaking world, the creators who are at the
top are putting a lot of
obstacles in the way of those of us who make this type
of content, a lot of obstacles to
try to bring it down, to try to bring it down,
to try to bring it down, okay, there will be a day that
maybe it's not me, maybe
Uncle Sur, maybe the other one, maybe the
YouTube gossip, that there are people who will
screw the platform  40,000 50,000 turkeys
a month, well that day the
invitations to the event will come and we'll see what they
do, what we do, okay, that day it
goes like this, save this clip because
I'm 37 years old, I know how it works and this is
how it goes, okay, the day one grows up and only has to
eat with potatoes, on the contrary,
youtubers and streamers when they
are involved in a controversy will
come to these channels to clarify the
controversies they will try to get closer and
get along with us to have
a little bit of closeness with the media,
this works like this save this click and
show it to me in two or three years, the
issue that the content has to be
white to be accepted, that, no, it doesn't
matter, that's a anyone
who knows a little about the world of truth and the
media, anyone knows that that
is a lie. Look, I see less white, for
example, the content of many of the
youtubers who are in Mexico today or the
content of many of the streamers who are
going to be in the squid game or who have
been in the London game or who
were in the game last year.
squid but we're going infinitely the
content of gossip is infinitely
whiter and more suitable for brands I'm going
to tell you a name The chocas And it's that I don't give a damn I
can say it And it's that I don't give a damn about the
messages that the collision gives
handsome it happens that the collision generates 70,000
euros a month for the platform the
youtubers are interested in having them in their
series and all that stuff and maybe a
guy isn't interested yet okay on the
contrary we're going to try to ignore it
to see if we can we
hide it to see if it doesn't grow whoever
knows a little about how advertising works the
whole thing knows that brands and
companies only care about
numbers television programs not that
are the previous ones not the inside to
the streamers and the and the youtubers
are the television programs not
today since the 80s the
heart television programs have generated
a ton of money without having any
kind of problem with advertisers and
being much more beastly than
any of those of us who do SEO
in Spain okay Tombola here's tomato
The  Noria Where are you my love Slvame has been
on the air for 14 years with no shortage of
advertisers during
commercial breaks even within the
program there are all kinds of brands that
advertise but all kinds of brands eh not
brands for women not all kinds of brands
Big Brother, I mean the programs that have
stopped being on the air have not been
because the advertisers have let them it has
been for other reasons and things like that
But whoever comes to me with the
story that the brands that the
content is for the brands that the gossip is
not for the brands and you go with someone else
who doesn't understand the subject, I'm not
going to give it to me But come on, all my life
any gossip content is much
worse than ours and much more arco has
never had a problem in my life with an
advertiser and I'm talking about
programs in Spain if we are going to
program Latin American programs then put
from the closed case this until in the
afternoon she is with Laura she can put a
lot the advertisers do not care
that you do the SEO let's stop
saying that nonsense and that companies do
not accept us let's not say the
things like those who are stepping on us
are the platform's own colleagues,
whoever does not want to understand it, I
mean, I do not see it as debatable.
The case is as simple as that, it is like this, it is
not in the interest that there are channels like mine, the
guy's, the guy's Tour from time to
time you ask him to remove a video,
well surely not even with that you are going to enter
channels like mine channels like
naucher's that suddenly takes one that I
tell you to Greece suddenly you see
grefg with a mclaren through Andorra
doing what he wants going at
a speed that is surely not what he should
go, well it is not in the interest that there is
a channel that echoes this or
points this out but if there is a youtuber
Look if we have had cases like
selling like Aby's who get upset
even for less good if they have
given me a strike, Elisa wave this
Elisa waves has given me a
copyright strike in a reaction that we were
doing where we applauded her because she put
the truth about fake streamers on the table,
no more is worth it I hope nobody gets
upset  I'm really sorry because I
know you were excited I'm sorry eh
Really I mean to me this this this
this has given me more courage than the
London vale because the London kind of
anger but yes the truth is that it
was eating up a time that maybe I
was but oh well but this has
given me courage let's see I had half formed the
idea that I wasn't going to be in this
but well you know what it's going to be the best
that surely well we're going to see from the
series to racist people to sexist people to
people who have done shitty things
and nothing happens but oh well
family that's what it is well for those of you who
are asking me in the chat if I
have tried for a few days to try to
get in touch with Twitch even
with people that I more or less believe
can help me and no there has been no
response But the thing is that I don't have any
problem with the Twitch account if it is that
look true for me all
the completed requirements appear here and I get the
button so I can apply to the
partner program What happens is that I don't apply
because I don't want to without YouTube and I
do it here well you  you know but it doesn't
matter man it doesn't matter the problem
is the content that's it family if it is
that look you're going to try to tell me now
but it's that you but it's that I but if it's that
everything I tell you I know that I
'm telling you very simply that I don't
have any problems with my account and
coincidentally the only time I was
banned on Twitch in the middle of the
squid games I haven't had
any problems in tweets at any
time I don't like to see Javi like that no no
but I'm not bad eh I mean I'm
telling you in a good way in a way so
that you know I'm not bad I mean it's that I've
precisely
come to the conclusion and I
personally believe that we don't deserve to be
rejected anywhere else dude In
my opinion
[Music]